[True Correction, Bright Future]
What brings you here, Doctor?
I came for an interview.
Please show me your I.D.
[Entrance Pass]
[Episode 1]
Ripped By Falsyfy Hakim
Sync For NEXT
Isn't Myungin University
the top medical university in Korea?
It is.
He was top of his class, and passed
the board exam with a perfect score.
- This is impressive.
- Thank you.
What about his psychological test scores?
- His scores are good.
- They're not just good.
With qualifications at this level,
he has a brilliant mind, just brilliant.
It looks like you worked
at Myungin University Hospital until now.
It's your fourth year
of residency as a surgeon.
That's right.
If you had endured a few more months,
you would've become a specialist.
So why did you quit?
- It didn't suit my character.
- What? Being a doctor?
Or... your specialty?
My specialty didn't suit my character.
You could've just switched
specialties instead of quitting then.
The apprentice system
and hospital atmosphere didn't suit me.
It isn't because you caused an accident?
An accident?
Why else would a fourth-year
resident doctor quit a major hospital?
A medical accident. Or...
an issue involving a woman.
- That's not it.
- I can find out with one call.
I can find out why you quit the hospital.
If you doubt me, then go ahead
and ask the chief professor.
Don't feel insulted.
Prisons are a special place
so he wants to be meticulous.
It's okay.
Then let me ask you this.
Is a relative of yours
imprisoned here, by any chance?
- No, Sir.
- Then...
do you hold a grudge
against someone here?
No, Sir.
- What the hell?
- What?
- What the hell is this?
- What the hell?
What the hell is he doing?
Gae Sang.
Hey, Yoon Gae Sang!
People would find it unbearable.
I bet you didn't know
when you stabbed me and left...
that we'd meet here.
Ho... how are you here...
I've always been here,
waiting for you to show up.
Hyung Bum, ca... calm down, okay?
I really needed money at the time.
Let... let me explain what happened...
I'll give you all the money.
I had no choice at the time!
Please, put that down,
you son of a bitch!
Guard! Guard...
Unless you have an ulterior motive
there's no reason for you
to apply to a prison.
With qualifications like these, and just
two months till you become a specialist.
Then, Doctor, are you here
because you lack qualifications?
- Excuse me?
- If it's as you just said...
you must have
another reason for being here.
Unless you're lacking
in qualifications, that is.
I simply want
to take care of the patients--
I applied for this position
for the same exact reason.
It's because of my little sister...
who passed away because she
couldn't get treated in time.
- I'll be back.
- Make lots of money, okay?
My sister, who had biliary atresia...
(Blocked bile ducts in the liver.)
constantly had high fevers
and went into comas...
So when my father wasn't around
I had to run to the hospital
with my sister on my back.
Is anyone there? Please save my sister!
It wasn't easy finding a hospital
that was open at night...
- What's wrong with you?
- Just this once.
- Go!
- Please!
- Do you have a conscience?
- Just this once.
Just this once!
And even when I found an open hospital...
we were kicked out
because we had no money.
Please...
save my sister.
Please.
Anyone can go to a university hospital
and if they have money,
they can get treated.
But I wanted to help the neglected
who don't have the power
or money to go to such hospitals.
The kind of people...
who can't go to the hospital,
even when they want to.
Do you have anything left to say?
No.
Then, please wait outside for a moment.
I'm against hiring Kang In Kyu.
Wait, what's the problem this time?
It's a waste of resources
to hire a surgeon for a prison.
You keep saying "prison."
But we took exams to get here, you know.
We're national public servants!
This prison is worthy of having
such a talented individual!
One doctor of internal medicine,
and one surgeon. It's perfect.
- I approve.
- I approve too.
I'm the only one with the right
to hire for the medical department.
He said... he wanted nothing else...
but for you to die...
He told me to kill you.
Did you sleep soundly after listening
to that bastard and betraying me?
What else was I supposed to do then?
If I hadn't done that,
he would've killed me.
- Hey, stop!
- Hey, what are you doing?
Medic!
It's an emergency!
He has an abdominal stab wound.
It's an aortic rupture.
What are you doing? Do something.
- Doctor!
- Wait
where's the emergency detention center?
They carried Prisoner
Park Sang Pyo out this morning.
- Then, call 911--
- We already did.
Wait, this...
You can't!
He'll die as soon as you pull it out.
How long does it take
to get to the nearest major hospital?
- About an hour.
- He won't last long this way.
What do we do then?
- We need to operate.
- Op... operate?
What are you doing, Doctor Park?
I... I can't do it.
I'm an internal medicine specialist.
You're a surgeon.
You're a surgeon, right? Do something.
If this prisoner dies, we'll all die.
Do you have a patient monitor?
Yes, we do, but--
What about an anesthetic machine?
- We have one.
- I need to perform a laparotomy
so please bring me
all the necessary equipment.
- A laparotomy?
- A... a laparotomy?
You're going to cut his chest open here?
Who do you think you are?
Do you want to kill him?
It's an aortic rupture, if we don't
operate right away, he'll die.
I'm the person in charge here.
If something happens to him
- will you take the responsibility?
- Then should we leave him to die
when we can save him?
- Can you do it?
- Yes.
I haven't decided if I'll hire him yet!
Only our registered
medical personnel can treat patients
- during a medical emergency.
- So...
am I hired or not?
Decide already!
I'm warning you now,
if something goes wrong...
I won't be held responsible.
In one go. One, two, three.
I'll begin.
Okay.
Scalpel.
Bovie.
(Electrosurgical dissection tool.)
- You must take it out in one go.
- Okay.
One, two, three.
Self-Retaining Retractor.
Gauze.
Vascular clamp.
Deaver.
(Type of retractor.)
Forceps.
Suture.
Please leave the scissors beside me.
His BP is unstable.
- Tell me the numbers.
- 75/50.
It's continuing to drop.
Hook him up to the Hartmann solution
and assist me with it.
(Solution, helps those with blood loss.)
Yes, I'll do that.
- Is the blood ready?
- Yes.
Give me all the Type A blood you have.
BP is 70/40. 60/30.
He might go into cardiac arrest.
Prepare the defibrillator.
Get out of the way. You can't touch
the defibrillator with those hands.
200 Joules.
- Charged.
- Clear.
Shoot.
What are you doing?
Give him the blood transfusion.
300 Joules.
- Charged.
- Clear.
Shoot.
What do we do?
The BP won't go up,
even with the transfusion.
- Pardon?
- What is it this time?
Did he have any other wounds?
No.
No, not that I know of.
I didn't see any.
Guard!
Let's leave the rest to a major hospital.
The bleeding is so severe,
he could go into cardiac arrest again.
The ambulance will be here soon.
Let's leave the rest to them.
He'll die at this rate!
What's that?
I'll continue with the anastomosis.
(Surgical connection of blood vessels.)
You worked hard today.
You did a really good job.
Oh, thank you.
Good job.
But if anything goes wrong
you'll be held responsible.
Excuse me, we have to go back
inside. There's another patient.
Honey! Honey! Honey...
Honey! Honey!
Over there. Hurry.
Honey! Oh no!
- What happened?
- He vomited in the car
and suddenly lost consciousness.
What about center chief?
Where's the center chief?
We're looking for him,
but we can't reach him at the moment.
Why don't you leave him
with Doctor Lee for now?
Doctor Lee is also
a top doctor at our hospital.
What do we do?
Hurry and call the center chief!
- Honey, what do we do?
- Let's move him to the ER.
Honey! Honey! Honey!
Please wear this just for today.
When the new gown arrives tomorrow,
I'll embroider your name on it.
Okay.
Come in.
This is Prisoner 4713, a stab patient.
Have a seat.
What happened?
He was the one that stabbed
the patient with the abdomen wound.
He held the piece of glass
with his bare hands.
Let me see your wound.
Don't you want to be treated?
That's the last doctor's name.
What's yours?
This is Doctor Kang In Kyu,
he's from a university hospital.
Put your hand on the table.
You're probably more skilled
than the last one then.
Do you have sensation in your fingers?
I can see his tendons. Don't you
think he should go to a hospital?
- Do you have Nylon 70?
- Yes, we do.
That will do then.
Please give me three packs
of Nylon 70 and lidocaine.
Okay, I'll do that.
Have we met somewhere before?
You've met me before, haven't you?
- Yes.
- Where?
On the news, a long time ago.
I'm not surprised.
I was pretty famous back then.
Okay, be careful. Be careful, okay?
This is urgent! Emergency! Emergency!
Emergency patient! Emergency patient!
Wait! We're full right now,
we don't have any room.
What did you say?
How could you blindly accept
a patient when we're full?
- I told them we couldn't--
- Did you report the deceased?
- Not yet.
- What are you doing then?
Should we turn away a dying patient then?
- Please wrap it up.
- Okay.
Let me see. What happened?
He had an aortic rupture, so he had
an emergency operation at the prison.
But his liver was damaged, so the
chance of gangrene of the liver is high.
- What about his vitals?
- Vi... vitals?
Both his blood pressure
and pulse are unstable.
- Call Center Chief Go right away.
- Okay.
A simultaneous transplant?
Are you saying that you'll do
three transplants at once?
Yes, that's right.
I've heard of liver
and pancreas transplants
but I've never heard
of a small intestine transplant.
Procedures transplanting
three organs at once
are quite rare,
so it won't sound familiar.
Then...
And the simultaneous transplant
of the liver, pancreas and small
intestine has never been done before.
Wait, are you saying that
you're going to do a surgery
you've never done before?
This surgery is the only way.
But what if something goes wrong?
Will you take the responsibility?
- Honey.
- Let's go to another hospital.
It's not like this is
the only hospital. What is this crap?
Honey!
- Hello?
- Yes, come to the V.I.P room right away.
The congressman is here.
Center Chief Go, we have
a patient with aortic rupture in the ER
- and his liver is bleeding.
- Okay, how's his condition?
He suffered one cardiac arrest,
and his blood pressure is still unstable.
I got it.
[Class 3 Electrolytes]
What is this?
Was he stabbed with a knife?
No, he was sent from a prison.
He was stabbed with a piece of glass.
- A prison?
- The guys at the ER
said that he's a murderer.
So?
It's nothing.
Why isn't the center chief here yet?
Yes, I'll give him another call.
The center chief is
preparing for surgery right now.
- What surgery?
- A patient with an abdominal wound.
That criminal who was sent
from Shingwang Prison?
- Yes.
- Is he out of his mind?
The congressman is here!
Why did he go there?
Doesn't his heart look a bit too small?
- It also seems a bit discolored.
- What about the moisture?
There's almost none.
First, control the bleeding,
and give it some time.
Yes, Sir.
Geez, these people.
I told them we had the congressman here.
What is it? Did he say he can't come?
He just started surgery on an ER patient.
Wh... what did you say?
He's performing another surgery?
Well... yes.
Who's more important than
a member of the National Assembly?
Well... I think that
we should let Doctor Lee operate.
Like the center chief, he's double
board certified in abdominal surgery
and more importantly,
he's the director's son
so he's very skilled.
He's the director's son?
He's my son, but he's
much more skilled than I am.
I'm begging you.
Please make him better.
Did you say that
this was done in a prison?
That's not all. He even found
a piece of glass inside him.
I doubt that he even had the equipment.
They said that he removed
a piece of glass from his liver.
I'm completely baffled by this.
How did he find the glass
in his liver with just his eyes?
This isn't "The Six Million
Dollar Man" or something.
It's an acquired ability.
According to academic records
a mathematician by the name
of J. Spacey was in a similar situation.
Due to an impact to the brain,
a particular ability was enhanced
giving him a special gift.
So that child acquired
an advanced sense of sight.
- Shingwang Prison?
- Yes.
Bovie.
Suture.
Cut.
It's all done.
- That's all.
- Okay.
Thank you.
You're better than the
last doctor that was here.
Wait.
Have you felt tired
or lethargic for no reason lately?
- Yeah.
- Do you often experience itchiness
and have a hard time digesting?
How did you know that?
You have jaundice, which suggests
a problem with liver function.
So if it's okay with you, I'd like
to draw some blood before you go.
But I don't think you need to worry.
I'll prescribe you some medicine
once the results are out
so remember to take it.
And if the affected area feels
itchy or hot, come and see me.
This patient needs to be treated
every day for the time being.
Yes, Sir.
Bring back my dad! Bring back my dad!
Bring back my dad! My dad!
This area is restricted!
Please stay back!
Please stay back, everyone!
We found it!
Get a photo of that. Don't miss it.
Dad.
Make lots of money, okay?
I think his organs were removed.
This bastard...
Dad.
You targeted him, didn't it?
Why did you do this
to a perfectly healthy person?
- Why do you think?
- What?
It's obvious.
Money.
That's right.
He had a rare blood type,
so he was worth a lot.
Dad.
Geez, seriously.
Hey, Punk! Hey! Hey!
Bring back my dad! Bring back my dad!
Who do you think you are?
Bring back my dad!
Bring back my dad! Let go of me!
I told you to bring back my dad! My dad!
Let go! Let go of me!
Let go of me!
Geez, that son of a bitch.
Let go of me! Let go of me!
- Who do you think you are?
- This bastard.
What did you do?
Are you okay?
In Kyu!
In Kyu! In Kyu.
In Kyu, are you all right?
In Kyu.
Do you recognize me?
- Mister.
- Yeah, it's me.
You may be walking out today...
but next time, you'll crawl out...
The time after that,
you'll be on your back...
in so much pain that
you'll be begging me to kill you.
Because my prescriptions
will slowly destroy your body.
The blood flow to the
affected area is too low.
- He hasn't urinated yet, either.
- What about the BP?
Both his blood pressure and pulse are
fast, and his temperature is high too.
His wounds may be deep, but he
gave him too much medication.
The patient already had
a poorly-functioning heart.
Put him on the KONOS waiting list
again, and watch over this condition.
Is there a need
for a transplant? He's a criminal.
Aren't criminals people too?
I apologize.
- Wrap it up.
- Yes, Sir.
Okay.
Hello, Professor.
I just wanted to ask you
about Resident Doctor
Kang In Kyu, from your hospital.
Did he quit, by any chance?
When was that?
Did he tell you where he was going?
Yes, I'll call you back
during my time off then.
Bye.
[Shingwang Prison]
[Upright Correction, Upright Citizens]
[2018, Hiring Notice
for Medical Chief at Shingwang Prison]
So he went there after all.
Please inject him with some fluids
and conduct a hemodialysis.
Okay.
What's his condition right now?
He has hepatic encephalopathy due to
an acute drug-induced liver failure
so he needs a liver transplant.
His liver and heart at the same time?
Yes, there's no other way.
Geez, we can't even
get a heart, what will we do?
What is his MELD score?
(Scale rating need for liver transplant.)
At the moment, his MELD score is 37.
If his MELD score was increased
he'd be registered as
a more urgent patient.
Wouldn't we be able
to register him for KONOS then?
No, according to regulations--
Oh, yes.
We'll do that.
Are you going to change the MELD score
regardless of the test results?
He's a congressman.
This is preferential treatment.
No, this is fabrication.
You know that most patients
wait years for their transplants.
- That's their life.
- Father!
This is the logic of power.
Bury your pride.
If you don't want to stay
at the bottom forever
learn how to operate
from the center chief.
I'll keep this position
until you're ready to take over.
Do you have any idea
when we registered for a transplant?
How long do I have to wait?
Madam, I fully understand how you feel
but other patients also
wait years for their transplants.
And you've only been waiting
for a month, Madam.
Is my husband at the same
level as those people?
He's a congressman in his third term.
He's a candidate for the next term!
So he should be top priority!
Preferential! Don't you know?
Lady!
Don't you see this sign
telling you to be quiet?
Silence?
What the heck is that?
No, I'm not "that," I'm a person.
And I'm the transplantation
coordinator here, okay?
Or... or... organ, what?
I'm the organ transplant coordinator.
You shouldn't make noise in a hospital.
People will cuss at you
and call you ignorant.
Hey! Do you know who I am?
- I don't.
- I'm
Congressman Noh Jin Tae's wife.
- So?
- What?
"So?"
If you're a congressman's wife,
you should have some dignity.
Why are you yelling
for everyone to hear?
We'll call you once
you're selected, so wait at home.
Madam, you were here?
Chief Director, I'm glad you're here.
Who is she? Why is she so confident?
Oh, don't worry about her.
She's our new transplant coordinator
but she studied abroad, you see.
And, here I thought...
Hey.
If you studied abroad,
you should have stayed there.
Why did you crawl back here
to stir up a fuss?
You little...
This lady, seriously! Look here!
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Then, let's get going.
Let's go. Let's go. Follow me!
Follow me! Follow me!
We moved the congressman up the list
but there are too many names
on the list, so there isn't much hope.
- Goodness.
- And even if he's selected
it's not just a heart transplant,
but a liver transplant as well.
Gosh, what do we do then?
As of right now, a transplant
from a family member is the only way.
We can't do that. Not our children, okay?
He wouldn't want any wounds
on our kids, I don't want that either.
I'm sure you know that everyday life
is possible with just half a heart...
and livers regenerate quickly,
so just leaving a third of it
results in full recovery for both
the donor and recipient.
You can't touch the kids, I said.
Okay, then.
How about other relatives?
A wife, a lineal ascendant,
descendant, a sibling, or a cousin.
They're our enemies.
They're all useless. We haven't
even talked to them in ages.
Well...
if a voluntary donor is confirmed...
other people could do it too.
[Why? With whom? When did he
extract them? A doctor? An organization?]
[Organ Trafficking Culprit Caught...]
[Organ Trafficking?]
[Direct? A broker? A mastermind?]
[Medical Chief, Prisoner]
2.0 of creatine and 3.5 of bilirubin.
If I prescribe him pain killers and
anti-fungal medications every day
by Wednesday, cardiac insufficiency
and infection will begin to take effect.
On January 29th,
four tablets of naproxen
eight tablets of itraconazole...
and six tablets of acetaminophen...
will be prescribed.
Kick it!
Why did you hit me?
Ignore him.
Nothing good will
come out of keeping him close.
Pretend that you don't
see or know anything.
The secret is to live like you're dead.
And don't do anything dangerous,
like you did yesterday.
I hate when it gets noisy.
At your age, you shouldn't
work until you collapse.
Take it easy.
What's the point of resting?
I should make as much money as I can.
When I was out there, I gave
my daughter a really hard time.
But when I found out that I
may not have much time to live...
all I can think of is
my daughter, after coming here.
That's why I want to at least
leave some money for her.
Although it won't be much.
Hello?
Yes.
Doctor! It's Goil Hospital.
They said that Prisoner Park Sung Pil
is attached to a machine
because he can't breathe on his own.
Yes, this is the medical chief,
Baek Ji Nam. What happened?
Yes.
A postanoxic coma?
I understand. I'll head over right away.
What did he say?
I guess he arrived too late.
He has hypoxia and brain damage.
What do we do?
He was a good person.
First, call KONOS, since he was
on the list to be an organ donor.
Goil Hospital already called them.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
I'll go with you this time, but you'll
go alone with the nurse next time.
But... did you get the family's consent?
We need their consent, even if he was
on the list to be an organ donor.
Their consent?
They already gave their consent
and asked KONOS to take care
of all administrative matters.
The man was imprisoned because
he didn't have 1.5 million won.
His kids didn't even pay for that,
so why would they care about this?
Let's go.
Cheers!
Geez, did they exclude me?
Hey! Hey! Hey, you guys are too much!
You excluded me! Geez, seriously!
Wow, this looks delicious.
Hey, aren't these
too lacking as drinking snacks?
- Hello.
- Sit here, Sir!
Oh, thank you! Thank you!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
- Hey, but why did you come here?
- Why else?
I saw you harassing the kids,
so I came to save them.
I wasn't harassing anyone.
Hey, was I harassing you?
- No, Sir!
- See?
You're harassing them
right now, Center Chief.
Why are you even here?
Give them your card or drink together.
- Geez.
- I'll pour it for you.
Hey, that's okay. Don't overdo it.
Geez, seriously. Why are you
drinking water at a bar, like a loser?
Hey, order another drink
so we can have a toast.
- Excuse me!
- Yes?
[KONOS]
Hello?
Pardon? You have a donor?
Goil Hospital at 10 p.m. Okay, I'll
send the doctor right away.
Bye.
[Doctor Hong Woo Hyun]
Doctor Hong, KONOS just called
and said that they have a donor
for Patient Kim Soon Nam.
Really?
Yes, I got it. I'll be there right away.
- All of it.
- What was that?
They have a donor for Kim Soon Nam.
Really?
He had hypoxia and
brain damage due to cardiac arrest
and was a prisoner at Shingwang Prison.
Shingwang Prison... the place that sent
the patient with the abdomen wound?
Yes.
Okay, I'll do that extraction.
- No, that's okay.
- I'll go instead.
- I haven't had a drink yet.
- No, that's okay.
You said that I'm ruining the mood.
I'll ask the kids
if the vibe improves or not.
Geez, I was just talking smack.
Okay, pay with this card.
- Thank you!
- Travel safely.
- Hey, don't go for a second round.
- Thank you!
Okay, work hard tonight!
Okay! Let's drink! Let's drink!
Let's drink! Hold up
your glasses! All in one chug!
Hey, let's go.
- Are you going to extract it, Dad?
- Why?
Am I not allowed to go?
You were just at a company dinner though.
And isn't it weird for the
center chief to personally go?
Get in. It's cold.
I bet you didn't have dinner yet either.
Should I buy some kimbap,
a hamburger, or a snack?
I'm fine.
Patient Kim Soon Nam
is on standby, right?
The team leader is preparing right now.
The surgery needs to go well.
I haven't had dinner yet either.
You can eat during the extraction.
You won't have anything
to do then anyway.
Are you sure that I'm your daughter?
What?
I ran around all day
and haven't had dinner, let alone
gone home, is that right to say?
I told you to eat because you hadn't.
Did I do something wrong?
Do you think I was
just talking about myself?
I said that because
I want to eat together.
Do you know what Mom said
while she was alive?
She said that you wouldn't
have gotten divorced
if you treated us half
as well as you treat your patients.
Think about us from time to time.
Think about Mom,
who passed away, and me too.
Chief, Center Chief Go is here.
- Hello.
I see you came here yourself.
- Yes, thank you for your hard work.
- No problem.
Please go inside. They're all waiting.
Okay.
Oh, may I borrow this friend?
Pardon?
My team is at a company dinner tonight,
so I came without an assistant.
Oh, sure. Please do that.
Doctor Kang is a surgeon too.
I'd like to refuse.
I came to deliver the patient,
not to extract the organs.
What's wrong, Doctor Kang?
You're being rude.
Why don't you come in
so that you don't regret it?
I came here to see you.
I felt like this was
the only way I could see you.
Deaver.
Forceps.
Metzen.
Bovie.
It seems like they know
each other, doesn't it?
It seems that way, doesn't it?
Is it a teacher-student relationship?
If not, is it
a senior-junior relationship?
In any case, they don't seem
to have a good relationship.
I know, right? It seems that way.
It was a good call,
holding the artery first.
You did a good job too.
But you injected too much medicine.
So much that the patient who
already suffered from a bad heart
couldn't recover from it.
Didn't you know?
The patient you sent to the hospital
with an aortic rupture
is in a coma right now.
You gave too much medicine
to a patient with a bad heart
and even injected him
with Hartmann's solution.
- I handled it perfectly.
- No.
It was very bad.
I did the best I could at the time.
The best effort made by an unskilled
doctor is poison to the patient.
If you want to be
a real doctor, study under me.
I don't want to.
Why? Because of Kim Hyung Bum?
I'm different from other doctors.
I didn't become a doctor to save people.
I did it to kill people, to get revenge.
Are you going to ruin your life
because of a grudge?
My life is already over anyway.
The day In Joo died...
after Dad passed away.
Why did you donate her organs
without my permission?
Why?
Doctors are dead in the heart.
Let's let In Joo live on
in someone else's body.
What's the point in that?
In Joo is dead already!
Didn't you say you wanted to be a doctor?
Then, even if it's hard,
make a rational judgement, like a doctor.
If In Joo was your daughter,
would you be able to say that?
It's because you're a stranger.
It's because you're our foster father.
We thought of you...
as our biological father.
I also thought of you as my own.
Then, how could you...
leave the same wound...
that was left on Dad?
When you clearly know how Dad died!
I only learned about it
after I went to medical school.
That our entire family
had a rare blood type.
Then you must know
why I had no choice
but to perform that surgery.
Of course.
I know all too well.
The reason you had to rush
to do the surgery, and...
your motive for adopting us.
Motive?
A rare gastrointestinal disease
with a rare blood type.
A reattempt of a gastric
organ transplant.
I'm sure you needed our In Joo
to regain your reputation
after being kicked out
of Hanguk Hospital.
Kang In Kyu!
I can't forgive the man
who killed my father...
but I can't...
forgive you for
doing that to In Joo either.
I'm going to get revenge
in the cruelest, most painful way.
I'll do it...
with my own hands.
[Cross]
If you want revenge,
do it now, in this room. Scalpel.
- Who prescribed these?
- Doctor Kang.
- To whom?
- 4713, Kim Hyung Bum.
I told you to give
the heart to the congressman.
Look into what he did,
and why he crawled in here.
Get out, before you start a fire.
The truth is, the bastard I stabbed...
- Oh my gosh!
- What happened?
What do you plan on doing?
How do you know the center chief?
You knew all along, didn't you, Mister?
Ripped By Falsyfy Hakim Sync For NEXT